More IMDS-related troubleshooting (#15108)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/guide/aws-integration-troubleshooting.md

### EC2 metadata with IMDS v2

> EC2's [IMDSv2][8] can sometimes lead to problems gathering EC2 instance hostnames, where the Agent uses the `os` hostname provider instead of `aws`, as seen in the output of `agent status`.

Reviewer: Should we develop a bit more ? This feels like there is a bug in the agent we don't want to fix. I think we should explain the issue and highlight that the agent fallback on OS  hostname (ie: it's not us it's them).

Author: This paragraph is an introduction to the section, so the remainder of the section does develop this idea more.  But I can shift this sentence around a little to sound more like "if you mess up IMDS, you can make it impossible for the agent to do its job".

In containerized environments the problem might be that you have locked down the EC2 metadata endpoint, by way of assigning IAM roles/credentials to pods running in the Kubernetes cluster. `Kube2IAM` and `kiam` are common tools used to do this. To solve this, update your `Kube2IAM` or `kiam` configuration to allow access to this endpoint.

The AWS API supports disabling IMDSv1, which the Agent uses by default. If this is the case, set the parameter `ec2_prefer_imdsv2` to `true` (defaults to `false`) in your [Agent configuration][5]. See the [Transition to using Instance Metadata Service Version 2][6] documentation for details.

> IMDSv2, in its default configuration, refuses connections with an IP hop count greater than one, that is, connections that have passed through an IP gateway. This can cause problems when the Agent is running in a container with a network other than the host's network, as the runtime forwards the container's traffic through a virtual IP gateway. This is common in ECS deployments. To remedy this, increase the maximum hop count to at least `2`.

Reviewer: Should we explain how to increase the count to 2 ? Maybe link to some documentation ?

Also is there any down side of this ? I'm guessing this was done to prevent external access to IMDSv2, should we sync with security ?

### EC2 metadata with IMDS v2

EC2's [IMDSv2][8] can sometimes lead to problems gathering EC2 instance hostnames, where the Agent uses the `os` hostname provider instead of `aws`, as seen in the output of `agent status`.

In containerized environments the problem might be that you have locked down the EC2 metadata endpoint, by way of assigning IAM roles/credentials to pods running in the Kubernetes cluster. `Kube2IAM` and `kiam` are common tools used to do this. To solve this, update your `Kube2IAM` or `kiam` configuration to allow access to this endpoint.

The AWS API supports disabling IMDSv1, which the Agent uses by default.  If this is the case, set the parameter `ec2_prefer_imdsv2` to `true` (defaults to `false`) in your [Agent configuration][5]. See the [Transition to using Instance Metadata Service Version 2][6] documentation for details.

> IMDSv2 will, in its default configuration, refuse connections with an IP hop count greater than one, i.e., that have passed through an IP gateway.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
IMDSv2 refuses connections in its default configuration with an IP hop count (connections that have passed through an IP gateway) greater than one.
```

Author: I don't think "connections .. with an IP hop count" is clarified by "(connections that have passed through an IP gateway)", without the "greater than one".

> This can cause problems when the Agent is running in a container with a network other than the host's network, as the runtime will forward the container's traffic through a virtual IP gateway.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This can cause problems when the Agent is running in a container with a network other than the host's network, as the runtime forwards the container's traffic through a virtual IP gateway.
```

> This is common in ECS deployments.
> To remedy this, increase the maximum hop count to at least 2.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is common in ECS deployments. To remedy this, increase the maximum hop count to at least `2`.
```
